# Office-Assistant-Bot-
Project Idea:  Routine tasks kill productivity and creativity in the office environment. It’s an obvious fact, people spend up to 80 percent of their average workday on activities of little to zero value  The manager spends his time organizing meetings including many minor, yet time-consuming steps like syncing schedules of coworkers, checking the availability of rooms, and sending notifications to attendees. Tracking work report of Employees.  Chatbots can’t replace project managers, creating tasks, assigning them to team members, building checklists, and sending alerts before the task due time.  Employees spent time filling up work reports, writing emails to coordinate with the manager and team. The bot can help them to do these tasks whenever needed.  Solution Requirement:  The main aim of this project is to create a bot that takes care of employee-related tasks and management related tasks. A single Android app is built for both employees and managers; both can talk to the app to fulfill their daily routine tasks. This bot messages everyone on the team once a day asking a single question: “What did you work on today? Once it collected the responses, she would build automatic reports by time, project, and person. Employees can use this App to schedule leaves and do some internal discussions. Employees can also talk to bot. (for example please ask X to tell about the status of shared work / is manager free to talk/ can I have a meeting with the manager  Managers can use this app to know the status of each employee in the team. He just asks the bot about the employee and it will display/ speak out all the related responses. (for example, a manager can question the bot like is person X in the office/ what is the work status of the employee X / please schedule a meeting appointment with X person. etc, the bot will speak out the response).  Following are the tasks that bot can do:  scheduling a meeting sending alerts to attendees time and work tracking absence/leave management For Employees:  work reporting searching for valuable information managing internal requests An application is built for both employees and managers; both can talk to the app to fulfill their daily routine tasks. This bot messages everyone on the team once a day asking a single question: “What did you work on today? Once it collected the responses, she would build automatic reports by time, project, and person. Employees can use this App to schedule leaves and  Managers can use this app to know the status of each employees in the team. He just asks the bot about the employee and it will display/ speak out all the related responses. He can use this app to see who is on leave ( for example a manager can question the bot like is person x in the office, the bot will speak out the response).     
